README.md, before:

# fs-spring-dmoreno

Branch "TodosEjercicios" contains the last version of all 4 exercises, If you want to see them in chronological order (the way they were done) read the last paragraph below, but bear in mind that those branches could be outdated.

Also, for the sake of simplicity, each exercise is highlighted in the code itself with annotations.

The object model is replaced with "User" instead of "Persona" in this exercises, and "DNI" is replaced with "userId"

Added to the proyect "Ejercicio 4":
1-Show the data from an user in the list.
2-Remove the user using the DELETE rest method
3-Check that the user is no longer in the user list

Note: Check that the UserController file starts with an Uppercase U, otherwise the proyect will give errors

Each exercise is done in its respective branch. If it's necessary to make corrections, they will be made in new branches with the identifier v2, v3... For example, exercise 1 was done in the branch "Ejercicio1", if in the future it is necessary to correct things, the improvements will go in "Ejercicio1v2"

Commit message:

Move controller logic to UserService and improve that logic

README.md, after:

# fs-spring-dmoreno

Branch "TodosEjercicios" contains the last version of all 4 exercises, If you want to see them in chronological order (the way they were done) read the last paragraph below, but bear in mind that those branches could be outdated.

Also, for the sake of simplicity, each exercise is highlighted in the code itself with annotations.

The object model is replaced with "User" instead of "Persona" in this exercises, and "DNI" is replaced with "userId"

Added to the proyect "Ejercicio 4":
1-Show the data from an user in the list.
2-Remove the user using the DELETE rest method
3-Check that the user is no longer in the user list

Note: Check that the UserController file starts with an Uppercase U, otherwise the proyect will give errors

Each exercise was initially done in its respective branch. As I progressed further into the course, I realised that there were improvements/fixes that involved serveral if not all exercises, so it is not recommended to review the exercises this way, as their initial(branch) state differs greatly from the final state in "TodosEjercicios"
